[DM-710] updated user documentation of Actility and Sigfox device registration (#533)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/protocol-integration/lora-actility-bundle/register-device.md

---

To register a LoRa device in {{< product-c8y-iot >}} navigate to **Devices** > **Registration** in the Device Management application, click **Register device** at the top right and select **Single device registration** > **Actility LoRa** from the dropdown.

![Register devices](/images/device-protocols/lora-actility/lora-selection.png)

{{< product-c8y-iot >}} fully supports the LoRa device provisioning with Over-the-Air Activation (OTAA) which is the preferred and most secure way to connect with the LoRa network.
If Activation by Personalization (ABP) is required to be used, refer to the [LoRa device registration with ABP](#device-registration-with-abp-activation) section.

In the next window fill in the required information:

> - **Connection**: Lists all configured Actility connections in the tenant. The following device profile and  connectivity plan option is populated based on the selected Actility connection.

Reviewer: "and  connectivity plan" --> I think you can trim down extra spaces here

Author: Corrected.

> To register a LoRa device, navigate to the Device Management application and click **Registration** in the **Devices** menu in the navigator. Click **Register device**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To register a LoRa device in {{< product-c8y-iot >}} navigate to **Devices** > **Registration** in the Device Management application, click **Register device** at the top right and select **Actility LoRa**from the dropdown.
```

Author: Corrected.

> In the dropdown, select **Actility LoRa**:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: Corrected.

![Register devices](/images/device-protocols/lora-actility/lora-selection.png)

{{< product-c8y-iot >}} fully supports the LoRa device provisioning with Over-the-Air Activation (OTAA) which is the preferred and most secure way to connect with the LoRa network.
If Activation by Personalization (ABP) is required to be used, refer to the [LoRa device registration with ABP](#device-registration-with-abp-activation) section.

In the next window fill in the required information:

> - **Connection**: It will list all the configured Actility connections in the tenant. The following Device profile and  Connectivity plan option is populated based on selected Actility connection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Connection**: Lists all configured Actility connections in the tenant. The following device profile and  connectivity plan option is populated based on the selected Actility connection.
```

Author: Corrected.

- **Application EUI**: This is a global application ID in the IEEE EUI64 address space that uniquely identifies the application provider of the device. It is a 16 character (8 byte) long hexadecimal number. There can be only one application EUI for a tenant but multiple tenants can have the same application EUI.
- **Application key**: This is an AES-128 application key specific for the device that is assigned to the device by the application owner and is responsible to encrypt. The application key is a 32 character (16 byte) long hexadecimal number.
JOIN communication. You can find this key on the device itself.
- **Connectivity plan**: Select the appropriate connectivity plan from the dropdown list.

> ![Register devices](/images/device-protocols/lora-actility/test.png)

Reviewer 2: "test" does not seem the best name for an image. Please use a clearer naming.

Author: Sorry, the file name was used while I was trying to see the changes in browser using hugo server. It is incorrect. I have corrected it.
